#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --extra=doc --output-file=requirements-doc.txt
#
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.13.1
    # via mkdocs-material
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via mkdocs
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   griffe
    #   ipython
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   tqdm
comm==0.1.4
    # via ipykernel
debugpy==1.8.0
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.18.1
    # via nbformat
ghp-import==2.1.0
    # via mkdocs
griffe==0.36.9
    # via mkdocstrings-python
idna==3.4
    # via requests
ipykernel==6.26.0
    # via mkdocs-jupyter
ipython==8.17.2
    # via ipykernel
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   nbconvert
jsonschema==4.19.2
    # via nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.5.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.5.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupytext==1.15.2
    # via mkdocs-jupyter
latexcodec==2.0.1
    # via pybtex
markdown==3.5.1
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   pymdown-extensions
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   jupytext
    #   mdit-py-plugins
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdit-py-plugins==0.4.0
    # via jupytext
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via mkdocs
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
mkdocs==1.5.3
    # via
    #   WSIMOD (pyproject.toml)
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-bibtex
    #   mkdocs-coverage
    #   mkdocs-jupyter
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
mkdocs-autorefs==0.5.0
    # via
    #   WSIMOD (pyproject.toml)
    #   mkdocstrings
mkdocs-bibtex==2.11.0
    # via WSIMOD (pyproject.toml)
mkdocs-coverage==1.0.0
    # via WSIMOD (pyproject.toml)
mkdocs-jupyter==0.24.6
    # via WSIMOD (pyproject.toml)
mkdocs-material==9.4.7
    # via
    #   WSIMOD (pyproject.toml)
    #   mkdocs-jupyter
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.3
    # via
    #   WSIMOD (pyproject.toml)
    #   mkdocs-material
mkdocstrings[python]==0.23.0
    # via
    #   WSIMOD (pyproject.toml)
    #   mkdocstrings-python
mkdocstrings-python==1.7.3
    # via mkdocstrings
nbclient==0.8.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.10.0
    # via mkdocs-jupyter
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   jupytext
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.5.8
    # via ipykernel
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   mkdocs
    #   nbconvert
paginate==0.5.6
    # via mkdocs-material
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.11.2
    # via mkdocs
platformdirs==3.11.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   mkdocs
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.6
    # via ipykernel
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pybtex==0.24.0
    # via mkdocs-bibtex
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   mkdocs-jupyter
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   nbconvert
pymdown-extensions==10.3.1
    # via
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
pypandoc==1.12
    # via
    #   WSIMOD (pyproject.toml)
    #   mkdocs-bibtex
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   ghp-import
    #   jupyter-client
pywin32==306
    # via jupyter-core
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   WSIMOD (pyproject.toml)
    #   jupytext
    #   mkdocs
    #   pybtex
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   pyyaml-env-tag
pyyaml-env-tag==0.1
    # via mkdocs
pyzmq==25.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
referencing==0.30.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2023.10.3
    # via mkdocs-material
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   mkdocs-bibtex
    #   mkdocs-material
rpds-py==0.10.6
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   latexcodec
    #   pybtex
    #   python-dateutil
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via jupytext
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via WSIMOD (pyproject.toml)
traitlets==5.13.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
urllib3==2.0.7
    # via requests
validators==0.22.0
    # via mkdocs-bibtex
watchdog==3.0.0
    # via mkdocs
wcwidth==0.2.9
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
